Although I don't think it's in the official census, San Francisco probably has a great deal more crossdressers (or at least drag queens) per capita than most other places in the country (I'm definitely sticking with country here, because I'd feel safe betting that Thailand is killing us), and as such, I see more more than a few as I walk the streets of this fair city. Some of them are less passable and stand out in the open, others are very discrete and are more difficult to pick up on.

An observation I've made since starting to take this hobby a little more seriously is that even as I try to make myself more convincing, I'm at the same time less convinced by the efforts of others. That's right dear readers, I'm afraid the "sex" in this title may not refer to the hot and heavy action that it sounded like, instead I'm referring to the categories in which individuals are grouped into at birth based on their physical characteristics.

I was in a cafe yesterday when a group of three women walked in. I knew immediately that although all three were female gendered, one was born a man despite cleaning up well and looking quite convincing. I can't be sure, but I think if I'd seen the same five years back, I would have been quite ignorant to this kind of extended information. Part of the change is that I know what to look for on a girl to better see this kind of thing, because those are the same attributes that I try so hard to mask on myself; for example, every girl like me knows that unless one was born very lucky, hands are often a giveaway. In this particular case, it was the narrow hips.

But there's more, the critical specs help a lot, but it also has to do with me being on the lookout for my kind. Another time I was in my favorite pizza joint when a mixed group of five walked in. One of the women was absolutely stunning, and that wasn't changed by the fact that I knew a little bit more about her than most people would've noticed. It's almost a form of paranoia where I assume that every girl is like me until I can disprove the notion. It's a little strange, but I believe it stems from the fact that I find it comforting to see that other girls like myself are out and about in the world.

From now on I'm actually going to make an effort to be more blind to these types of observations. A girl is a girl is a girl, right? Especially in this city!
